If you're if you're moving to a new location, it's and you're married.
You should encourage your spouse to reach out to any spouse network
that's already there. Those folks are already there, and you'll learn
this that the spouse network will provide all kinds of information
and is a wealth of knowledge of the goods and bads of any of any area.
Um, highly, highly recommend that they're certainly formal research
sources like the the family, the family readiness centers there
are generally on each base. They can provide general information about
schools in the area and pull and you know, perhaps some little information.
But they can also provide you some housing information,
military housing information in the event you choose to go that route.